hi I'm Josh Goldman with CNET and this
is a first look at sony's new super
portable 13 inch laptop the vio pro 13
it is as you can see very thin and it
weighs only two point three four pounds
so definitely no problems tossing this
in a bag for your daily commute and its
carbon fiber construction gives it some
extra durability around the sides you
get a couple USB 3 ports an HDMI port
mic and headphone jack and SD card slot
but that's it plus Sony built in an
extra USB port into the laptops power
adapter for charging a mobile device
lifting the lid reveals the 1080p IPS
touchscreen the full backlit keyboard
and large clip pad this pro 13 that
we're currently testing is running on a
4th gen Intel Core i7 processor eight
gigs of memory integrated Intel HD
graphics and a 512 gig PCI Express
solid-state drive a combination that
sells for about twenty two hundred
twenty dollars however for about twelve
hundred and fifty dollars it can be
scaled back to a Core i5 processor four
gigs of RAM and a hundred and twenty
eight gig SSD which is still expensive
but definitely easier to swallow if
you're just looking for something super
thin and light with long battery life
and the battery life is long in our
initial testing this laptop got six and
a half hours of video playback sony
estimates battery life at seven hours
and honestly with some power management
I'm pretty sure you can hit that mark
and if you need more than that
sony sells an add-on sheep battery that
attaches seamlessly to the bottom that
should double that time so again if you
want a light laptop for your daily
commute or travel this seems worth
checking out but we'll know for sure
when we're done testing i'm josh coleman
and that's a look at the sony vaio pro
third